updating clarification post-release (#1334)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/manage-users/user-migration/export-password-hashes-and-mfa-secrets.mdx

| Requirement | Value |
|---|---|
| **Key length** | 4096 bits or greater |
| **Encryption subkey** | The key must include at least one RSA 4096-bit encryption subkey. Auth0 uses this subkey to encrypt your export. Other subkeys may use different parameters; only one needs to meet this requirement. |
| **Passphrase** | Strong and unique. A randomly generated passphrase is recommended. |
| **Expiration** | Set an expiration date at least 7 days after the date of generation. To reuse the same key for repeat export requests, adjust the expiration accordingly. |

## Generate your PGP key pair

This section uses [GnuPG (`gpg`)](https://gnupg.org/), the standard command-line tool for OpenPGP. For other tools or advanced options, see the [GnuPG manual](https://www.gnupg.org/gph/en/manual/c14.html).

### Install GnuPG

<Tabs>
  <Tab title="macOS">

  ```bash
  brew install gnupg
  ```

>   Requires [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/). For other installation options, see the [GnuPG download page](https://gnupg.org/download/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Requires [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/). For other installation options, read the [GnuPG download page](https://gnupg.org/download/).
```

  </Step>

  <Step title="Wait for export preparation">

>   After Auth0 receives all required documentation, your tenant data is exported and encrypted with the PGP public key you provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  After Auth0 receives all required documentation, we encrypt and export your tenant data with the PGP public key you provided.
```
